Update NGF documentation on prometheus metrics (#249)
nginx/documentation: content/ngf/how-to/monitoring/prometheus.md

### NGINX/NGINX Plus metrics

> NGINX metrics cover specific NGINX operations such as the total number of accepted client connections. These metrics are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX metrics include NGINX-specific data such as the total number of accepted client connections. These metrics are 
```

collected through NGINX Agent and are reported by each NGINX Pod.

NGINX Gateway Fabric currently supports a subset of all metrics available through NGINX OSS and Plus. Listed below are
the supported metrics along with a small accompanying description.

> Metrics given in NGINX OSS include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics provided by NGINX Open Source include:
```

- `nginx_http_connections`: NGINX-wide statistics describing HTTP connections.
- `nginx_http_requests`: The total number of client requests received from clients.

> Metrics given in NGINX Plus include those in NGINX OSS in addition to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the previous metrics provided by NGINX Open Source, NGINX Plus includes:
```

### NGINX/NGINX Plus metrics

> NGINX metrics cover specific NGINX operations such as the total number of accepted client connections. These metrics are 

Reviewer 2: is operations the right word here ? seems more related to performance. I'll get docs team decide.

Reviewer: I left an edit suggestion to rephrase it in a more generic way to refer to "data". The data can be used to infer performance to an extent, but that's overthinking a simple sentence.

- `nginx_http_upstream_queue_limit_requests`: The maximum number of requests that can be in the queue at the same time.
- `nginx_http_upstream_queue_overflows_responses_total`: The total number of requests rejected due to the queue overflow.
- `nginx_http_upstream_queue_usage_requests`: The current number of requests in the queue.
- `nginx_http_upstream_zombie_count_is_deployed`: The current number of upstream peers removed from the group but still processing active client requests.
- `nginx_slab_page_free_pages`: The current number of free memory pages.
- `nginx_slab_page_usage_pages`: The current number of used memory pages.
- `nginx_slab_slot_allocations_total`: The number of attempts to allocate memory of specified size.
- `nginx_slab_slot_free_slots`: The current number of free memory slots.
- `nginx_slab_slot_usage_slots`: The current number of used memory slots.
- `nginx_ssl_certificate_verify_failures_certificates_total`: The total number of SSL certificate verification failures.
- `nginx_ssl_handshakes_total`: The total number of SSL handshakes.

> These metrics are available under the namespace where your NGINX Pods are deployed.

Author: Open to feedback on condensing these / removing some / or different ways of formatting these metrics. Descriptions were found attached to the metrics on Prometheus.

Reviewer 2: you can just arrange the order based on keeping `request-response` metrics, `upstream` metrics and `ssl` metrics close to each other.

> These metrics are available under the namespace where your NGINX Pods are deployed.

Reviewer 3: This line isn't needed (see my other comment).

---

### NGINX Gateway Fabric metrics

Metrics specific to NGINX Gateway Fabric include:

- `event_batch_processing_milliseconds`: Time in milliseconds to process batches of Kubernetes events.

> All these metrics are under the `nginx-gatewy` namespace and include a `class` label set to the GatewayClass of NGINX Gateway Fabric. For example, `nginx_gateway_fabric_event_batch_processing_milliseconds_sum{class="nginx"}`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All these metrics are under the `nginx-gateway` namespace and include a `class` label set to the GatewayClass of NGINX Gateway Fabric. For example, `nginx_gateway_fabric_event_batch_processing_milliseconds_sum{class="nginx"}`.
```

> All these metrics are under the `nginx-gateway` namespace and include a `class` label set to the GatewayClass of NGINX Gateway Fabric. For example, `nginx_gateway_fabric_event_batch_processing_milliseconds_sum{class="nginx"}`.

Reviewer 3: Actually, `namespace` in this sense isn't a kubernetes namespace, it's the prefix on the metric name. It's a namespace for metrics. So this was good as it was.

Author: Oh i see i thought it was talking about the namespace attribute on the metric, sure ill make that change
